---
layout: post
title: Visualization Lab
subtitle: Fourth Lab
tags: [ArtofData]
comments: true
---


## Dataset

For this lab, I worked with the COVID-19 vaccinations dataset. 


## Data I looked at

The variables I looked at were the total vaccinations and the daily vaccinations in China, as well as the date. I analyzed how the total/daily vaccinations increased with the growth of time in China. 


[File](/assets/img/China.png)

I found that the average number of Covid-19 vaccinations daily was 331,101, and that the standard deviation was 155,997. This standard deviation is around 1/2 of the mean, which is high. This tells us that the data was more spread out. Furthermore, as shown in the first graph below, as the date increased, the daily vaccinations increased, decreased, and then there was a major spike towards the end of the graph. The graph also shows us the mode, which is close to 200,000. Because of this, the graph is skewed towards the right, as the mode(200,000) comes first and the mean and median follow it. Here is an example:  [File](/assets/img/distribution,png))





First Graph: 

Date compared to Daily Vaccinations: [File](/assets/img/2ndvisualization.png))



Date compared to Total Vaccinations: [File](/assets/img/visualizations.png)



## Conclusions

I reached two conclusions with this data. As you can see in the graph, as the date increases, the total and daily vaccinations also increases. This can be attributed to the increase in vaccine production and new breakthroughs in science. Furthermore, I found that the countries with the most vaccinations such as the United States and China had a significant increase in daily vaccinations and people that were fully vaccinated. Because of this, it can be concluded that more daily vaccinations leads to more people being fully vaccinated. 

Looking on to the future, it seems that the graph of daily vaccinations will steadily rise over time, as the slope is positive. There is a positive correlation between increasing the date and the increase of total/daily vaccinations.